The last meeting was held on December 8th.
I was the commander of the Great East Asia War.
I was the commander of the people's loyalty,
along with the air force, the battleship, and the people.
I came to the far-off land.
I promised to meet you again and bid farewell.
These are the consumption of hand try to join us.
We are having a meeting to peoples' suffering,
I am pleased to present to you that I am, along with my etcetera,
promoting the history of our tense relationship.
there is There is nothing that can be thought of.
Since the launch of the strong nail like battle medium,
Hold only on the fourth day of July and leadership of the United States,
And the Korean military is working on negotiating this issue.
Singapore, where I was sincerely told to purify itself from载载,
who are already our yaoi swords
by,'
güç s unserer Quar covered in red by word,